---
sticker: lucide//database
---


---

**Identify the Basics of Relational Databases**

*For any quiz questions you struggle with, don't forget to go back and review the relevant content to make sure the concepts are clear before moving on.*

**Question 1**
Select the characteristics of a traditional relational database:

- [ ] It is more specialized than other types of databases.
- [x] It reduces data redundancy.
- [ ] It keeps data stored in only one location.
- [x] It minimizes the chances that data will not be updated.

**Question 2**
How many data types are used to categorize data in a relational database?

- [ ] Two
- [ ] Three
- [x] Four
- [ ] Five

**Question 3**
In a relational database, what is an entity?

- [ ] The description of an object.
- [ ] A characteristic of an object.
- [ ] Anything that can be described.
- [ ] The technical term for a ghost.
- [x] The entire database as a whole.

**Question 4**
Which of these do you use to show how your database tables are related?

- [x] Database diagram
- [ ] Family tree
- [ ] Blueprint
- [x] Entity relationship diagram
- [ ] HTML

**Question 5**
Where among the following would you most commonly see a NoSQL database?

- [x] A mobile app.
- [x] A website.
- [ ] A point-of-sale system in a store.
- [ ] SQL Server database.

**Question 6**
Which NoSQL type stores all details of an object in a single instance?

- [ ] Key-value
- [ ] Graph
- [ ] Column
- [x] Document

**Question 7**
What is an attribute in a relational database?

- [ ] Anything that can be described.
- [ ] A way of storing data.
- [x] Specific, atomic descriptions of entities.
- [ ] One of the different kinds of data type.
- [ ] A synonym for data type.

**Question 8**
In an entity relationship diagram, each entity is related to how many others?

- [ ] None
- [ ] Only one
- [ ] At least one
- [x] Two or more

---

Please select the appropriate checkboxes to indicate your answers.