
Certainly! Here's the combined version of the exercise instructions written in Markdown format, with easy-to-copy commands:

---

## Exercise: PowerShell RTFM

Everybody needs a little help at one time or another. In this exercise, we will check how you can get help on PowerShell and find interesting commands according to your needs.

1. Open a PowerShell session in your terminal.

   - This can be done by launching the PowerShell application or opening a terminal window and typing `powershell` to enter the PowerShell environment.

2. Type the following command to access the general help system:

   ```powershell
   Get-Help
   ```

   - This command will display the main help page with information on how to use `Get-Help` itself and navigate through the available documentation.

3. Find out what a command such as `Get-Process` does without looking on Google:

   ```powershell
   Get-Help Get-Process
   ```

   - To obtain information about the `Get-Process` command, enter `Get-Help Get-Process`. This will display the help documentation specific to the `Get-Process` cmdlet, including a description, syntax, parameters, and examples. You can read through this information to understand what the command does.

4. Now try with the `-online` parameter:

   ```powershell
   Get-Help -online
   ```

   - Adding the `-online` parameter to `Get-Help` opens the online version of the documentation in your default web browser. This can be useful if you prefer browsing the documentation in a web-based format or if you want to access more up-to-date information.

5. Determine what `Get-Command` does:

   ```powershell
   Get-Help Get-Command
   ```

   - The `Get-Command` cmdlet allows you to retrieve information about all available commands within PowerShell. It provides a list of commands, including cmdlets, functions, scripts, and executables, that are installed on your system and are accessible within your current session. To learn more about `Get-Command`, enter `Get-Help Get-Command` and review the associated help documentation.

Optional:

- Try to get help on common commands such as `ls`, `cp`, `mv`, ...

  - To get help on `ls` (List-Item), you can use either of the following commands:

    ```powershell
    Get-Help ls
    Get-Help Get-ChildItem
    ```

  - For `cp` (Copy-Item), you can use:

    ```powershell
    Get-Help cp
    Get-Help Copy-Item
    ```

  - Similarly, for `mv` (Move-Item), you can use:

    ```powershell
    Get-Help mv
    Get-Help Move-Item
    ```

By using the `Get-Help` command and its various parameters, you can explore the PowerShell documentation and gain a deeper understanding of the available commands, their usage, and any associated examples. This will help you become more proficient in utilizing PowerShell for your needs.

---